Consolidate config in pyproject and add SCM versioning (#27)
matrix-org/synapse-module-cookiecutter-template: README.md

7. `variant`: Choose whether or not to include the 'Synapse Team'-specific
   customisations; pick `synapse_team` if the module will be maintained
   by the Synapse Team. Otherwise, pick `standard`.

> 8. `use_scm_version`: Choose wheter tu use SCM infos to set the version of the module.
>    This will use `setuptools_scm` for that, so check its manual for more infos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. `use_scm_version`: Choose whether to use SCM info to set the version of the module.
   This will use `setuptools_scm` for that, so check its manual for more info.
```
